All right, my friends, let's start doing some setup for our tickets service.
So, like I said, we're going to be copy pasting a lot of stuff over from the service, so let's get
to it.
Back inside of my editor, I'm going to find my root project directory and I'll create a new folder
inside there called Simply Tickets.
They're going to zoom in a little bit so you can see what I am about to do very easily.
Inside of tickets, I'm going to expand that thing.
I'm also going to expand off.
Then inside the service I'm going to a multi select config package, JSON package lock, docker file
and the Docker ignore file.
I'm then going to copy all five of those files and I'm going to paste all of them into tickets.
Then inside of tickets, I'm going to make a new directory called CRC.
I'm going to go back up to the service.
I'll expand shark inside of there.
And out of this CRC directory all we want to get is index TZ apts and a test directory.
So I'm going to multi select those three things.
I'm going to copy all of those.
Well, then collapse off.
I'm going to go down to tickets and paste everything inside there.
And that's pretty much it.
We're not going to go through our tickets directory.
We're going to find a couple of places where we still have some references back to the art service.
We're going to make sure that we just replace any words referring to the service with tickets just to
make sure it's really clear.
Oh yeah, this is the package, just on file for tickets and so on.
Okay, let's start off for inside of Docker.
Ignore nothing inside there.
How about the Docker file?
Nothing specific about the inside of here.
How about package JSON?
Well, in the package JSON file, we've got a name of auth.
Let's update that to tickets instead.
Cool.
Then let's go inside the QQ directory.
I'm going to find indexed keys inside of here.
We've got a couple of different errors.
That's just because we have not installed any dependencies into this process, into this project just
yet.
So we'll ignore those errors right now.
It looks like there is a direct connection string right here to connect to our mongo instance.
So we'll have to update that.
Let's just keep that in the back of our head for a moment.
And I don't see it too much other stuff inside there.
How about in the app file?
Inside of here, we've got a lot of references to some routers that do not exist inside of our tickets
project.
So I'm going to delete those right away, just so I don't forget.
I'll then go down to where we had wired those things up to our express application and delete that as
well.
If you see any errors inside of here where I don't, or if you see pretty much anything that appears
to be wrong inside of here.
Don't sweat it.
A lot of errors will go away as soon as we start to install dependencies.
I'm going to close the app to file one last location.
Let's check really quickly inside the test folder.
I'm going to take a look at setup tests.
And so inside of here.
Well, I don't really see too much inside of here that I'm all that worried about.
I do some see some stuff about sign in down here at the bottom that we might have to update.
But for the most part, I think we could probably just leave all this as is.
Okay.
So let's go back over to our terminal.
We're going to install dependencies inside of this tickets folder.
Naturally, we could have copied over the node modules directory itself, but I'm just going to install
dependencies manually.
No reason not to.
So inside of tickets I'll do an NPM install.
Simple enough.
All right.
So, like I said, definitely saved ourselves a lot of time.
That would have been about an hour of writing out all that stuff from scratch if we had to.
So let's finish up this video by building our image and pushing it off to Docker Hub.
So back at my terminal.
Oh, look at that.
We have to wait once again for MongoDB memory to be installed.
Like I said, that's why we added that thing to the development dependencies list so we don't have to
download that thing every single time that we try to redeploy our image.
All right.
So I can open up a second terminal window inside of tickets.
Inside of here.
I'll try to build my image.
So I'm going to do a Docker build T by Docker ID, flash tickets and then a dot.
Doing the installation should only take a moment or so since we've got that only prod flag on there,
which means we do not have to install or download and install that MongoDB memory binary, which means
we're saving 80 megabytes off this install process.
So someone's going to give this a second to finish up.
And once it's all done, like I said, we're going make sure that we push this off to Docker Hub.
And if you're curious why we do this in general, it's because when we try to run scaffold, which is
something we're going to be doing in a little bit, Scaffold is going to try to reach out to Docker
Hub to get an initial copy of this image to pull down.
That's kind of the assumption.
Scaffold assumes that you've already built this image once in the past.
That's why we're going through this separate build image and push to Docker have process.
As a reminder, if you are running your project on Google Cloud, you do not have to do this step.
I probably should mention that before I ran the command, but.
That's life.
Okay.
Looks like we're all built, so I'll do a Docker push.
Even greater.
Tickets.
And that's going to push our image up.
All right.
Well, that's pretty much it.
We're going to take a quick pause right here.
Let's continue the next video.
We're going to start to right out that Kubernetes deployment file and all this other stuff.